c:\users\boothj1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GTXFlash\GTXFlash\bin\Debug\GTXFlash.exe.config
c:\users\boothj1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GTXFlash\GTXFlash\bin\Debug\GTXFlash.exe
c:\users\boothj1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GTXFlash\GTXFlash\bin\Debug\GTXFlash.pdb
c:\users\boothj1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GTXFlash\GTXFlash\bin\Debug\SharpAdbClient.dll
c:\users\boothj1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GTXFlash\GTXFlash\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\boothj1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GTXFlash\GTXFlash\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\boothj1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GTXFlash\GTXFlash\obj\Debug\GTXFlash_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\boothj1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GTXFlash\GTXFlash\obj\Debug\GTXFlash_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\boothj1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GTXFlash\GTXFlash\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\boothj1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GTXFlash\GTXFlash\obj\Debug\GTXFlash.g.resources
c:\users\boothj1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GTXFlash\GTXFlash\obj\Debug\GTXFlash.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\boothj1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GTXFlash\GTXFlash\obj\Debug\GTXFlash.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\boothj1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GTXFlash\GTXFlash\obj\Debug\GTXFlash.exe
c:\users\boothj1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GTXFlash\GTXFlash\obj\Debug\GTXFlash.pdb
c:\users\boothj1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GTXFlash\GTXFlash\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\boothj1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GTXFlash\GTXFlash\obj\Debug\GTXFlash_Content.g.cs
c:\users\boothj1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GTXFlash\GTXFlash\bin\Debug\adb\adb.exe
c:\users\boothj1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GTXFlash\GTXFlash\bin\Debug\adb\AdbWinApi.dll
c:\users\boothj1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GTXFlash\GTXFlash\bin\Debug\adb\AdbWinUsbApi.dll
c:\users\boothj1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GTXFlash\GTXFlash\bin\Debug\su\install-recovery.sh
c:\users\boothj1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GTXFlash\GTXFlash\bin\Debug\su\install.sh
c:\users\boothj1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GTXFlash\GTXFlash\bin\Debug\su\jy-setup.sh
c:\users\boothj1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GTXFlash\GTXFlash\bin\Debug\su\su
c:\users\boothj1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GTXFlash\GTXFlash\bin\Debug\su\Superuser.apk
c:\users\boothj1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GTXFlash\GTXFlash\obj\Debug\GTXFlash.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
